hello friends who watch my videos x of a greeting acumen 77 my first subscriber
hahaha juas juas juas thank you
well this video is a top 5 of the best ps2 games good before
start I want to tell you that I'm going to rate the graphics the playability
and the story the three main things of the good game let's start
great tourism 4 xp with a large number of cars and various recognized brands
spectacular graphics
in fact it is the first ps2 game capable of being played in a resolution of up to
1080p spectacular the game has various tracks around
world more than 60 what takes us from simple career asca ramis on land and
lies also gives us the opportunity to record our
Repetitions of races and take pictures of our vehicles in spectacular
scenarios save them on a device st
also in this new delivery we can spend money from our games of
great tourism 3
there is also a large catalog of tests that we have to overcome for
receive new licenses and enter better races good in conclusion
graphics 10 gameplay 9 stories 5xt good let's go to the suffering title
juas juas juas juas
gt a san andreas' well this is the game number 4 that hits xp this game we
It takes the skin xpd carl johnson a black guy to go back with his family because
he has learned that his mother has been killed along with his family they have to
Regain respect in the streets and you will find your father's killer good
this is a great game without any doubt the graphics are not
the stories without a doubt the one I liked best about the gt lace
I do xd and the gameplay in order
a gt a good min
conclusion graphics 8 story 10 gameplay
juas juas juas juas lumbier letter xddd let's go to the city
guitar hero 3 xddd good this is game number 3 on this list no doubt
a great game that puts us as guitarist of a band that little by little is going
gaining fame playing songs of great recognized rock bands
worldwide as dragonforce
metallica that guy
today they are among others also has great guitarists such as x tdt
you can also play in multiple 10's and pass it off as a motherfucker with your friends x
of good graphics 9 gameplay is already history 9x3 of destruction flows juas
juas is almost fixed juján haha ​​xd let's move on to the next game xd
number 2
juas juas juas juas juas gasquet quispe
resident evil 4 x of good this game puts us
in the skin of lions cota Kennedy again only that in this one we have to
save the good evening so since this one has been kidnapped by prou be
a former lion friend who left have donated in reconstruction an accident
in this game you have to split the weddings in a thousand pieces
fleitas and approach them like a fucking red that is called knowing that is
responsible for everything that is happening in this small town of Spain
good
this game exists I have it for pc
ps2 and gamecube the wii version I have not played it but honestly I do not
It is very interesting because as I said in another video it is not very fun to play
in this console but it is very good there is for the gossip that they spend it
fucking mother in her xd good in conclusion graphics feet story 10
playability 9 hahaha juas juas juas juas juas this rock good to go to the
next game
good we have
or to the first position and if you wait the fat one was 1 or 2 let me tell you that no no
is that game and before you send me to hell let me tell you yes
if I have the blockade play but I did not like the game very much and before
messi
brazil 70 and it was uncomfortable juárez the milk I shit on the whore who bore you
I have not played the 2 either try to download it but just do not fuck
found buyer and those games I do not like because I do not
you understand my fucking mother of the game besides the blue game is recorded on a dvd
double layer pimec ps2 not read that format for I do not know what the fuck is the ps
2 is limit or I read an internet article that the ps 12 slim
those duties and so I downloaded the big sightseeing 4 for ps2 because I gave
mind that the one who has
It is not ripped so I sent it to hell and I started looking at taringa
after a while I found it download it
on a double dvd
I put it in ps 2
and I get out with the blowjob of you can not read the disc now ap
so I sent everything to hell and that's why I have not played
Well now it's turn of the first game on the list chan chan chan
chan chan chan chan tiki tiki tiki tiki tiki tiki tiki tiki tiki tiki tiki tiki
dingy dingy dingy dingy dingy
Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Dingh chan Dingh chan Dingh chan
Chan Chan
chan chan chan chan chan chan chan chan chan chan chan chan chan chan
shadow of the colossus good without a doubt the best game I've played on the ps2 with
some graphics said that if the mother a game first a gameplay
that neither to mention nor a story of fucking mother insists good in this game you have
that rescue the soul of a harlot for I do not know what shit but like the
main character is mortal he can not do that he has to defeat 16
giants to be able to rescue their soul have
the gigantic scenarios and putísima mother very very very very large
but to be able to travel better you can use a horse called color to be able to
travel faster and if you have not played this game you are a subnormal shit
it exists is seriously seek it anywhere they get
what plays what xp you will not regret good in conclusion x of graphics feet
gameplay is already history and it's good I definitely recommend this game xd
good greetings to everyone who sees the video
I invite you to qualify positively if you
comment and not the bid in subscribe